_Hello there. I see you have stumbled upon this repo. Lets get one thing out of the way real quick, I'm not a pro at scripting, I just do it in my free time. I plan on doing this professionally, but with my adhd I don't know if I could keep my attention to focus on one thing for long amounts of time like that._

This is mainly used for backing up scripts that I make for Roblox. If you have any questions, or would like to have me make you a script, then please, contact me at **2_Buckets@proton.me** or at **2_Bucketsᙠ#4251** on discord. If you want to just stop by and say hi, feel free to do so, I don't mind the company much. Anyways, I've talked for long enough.

I started script development in March of 2020. It was right after a really rough breakup, and I needed something to do instead of thinking about what I did wrong. So I started learning about Lua. Specifically, a version of lua modified by Roblox for it to work with the games there. I have recently started expanding out more, going to other langs like Java and Py, but those haven't really worked out for me... So after I learned a bit of lua, I thought "Yea, this is going to be easy. I can make games in no time. Longest part will be modeling everything." I was right, to some extent. After a while, things got really rough and I lost most of my motivation to work on games. I stopped all together in the October-November range. Recentally, I got the motivation to work on it again so hopefully it sticks around for much longer. My current gf supports me fully, and tries to keep my motivation up. I'm at the point to where I can make muiltiple scripts a day instead of taking a few days to do one simple script. Anyways, thats enough about me for now.
